# 2023-11-02

Admin

- Item management.
    - Showing a list of items. With certain filter conditions.
    - Showing details of items. With the information of the current pairing list.
        
        
    - Import  function which use to create / update / delete item
    
- Supplier management.
    - Showing a list of suppliers. With certain filter conditions.
    - Import  function which use to create / update / delete supplier
    

App

- Login
    - Default account will be provide
- Item list
    - Showing a list of items. include item informations and paring status
    - Regular paring，the item to be paired will highlight， and there is a notification bar on the top telling to you are in the paring mode，after paring done，the paring mode will exit
    - Quick paring mode，the items start paring from the top to bottom，but after paring one item, the next item will be select, and you are still in paring mode, util you quit
    - QA: Last time, you said  in quick paring mode that the unpaired item should be shown, but as we discuss later,  an item can paring with multiple label. that means even the item paring state is paired,  client may still want to pair the Item with other label. In paring mode are we still going to show unpair item?
    
    UI discuss
    
    Same code app && pc
    
    Remove uuid
    
    remove field in list
    
    readable price / per / unit / currency
    
    Like colour
    
    Supply management
    
    hardcode 
    
    group
    
    berry red
    
    description align